Astro CLI Reference Doc + Command Changes (#710)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-config-get.md

---
sidebar_label: "astro config get"
title: "astro config get"
id: astro-config-get
description: Reference documentation for astro config get.
---

## Description

> View the current configuration for a locally hosted Astro project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the current configuration of your Astro project as defined in the `.astro/config.yaml` file. The configuration in this file contains details about how your project runs in a local Airflow environment, including your Postgres username and password, your Webserver port, and your project name.
```

## Usage

Within your Astro project directory, run:

```sh
astro config get <option>
```

> 

Reviewer: @sunkickr I assume if you don't list an option, do all of them show up?

Author: You need to specify an option based on my experience running it just now.

## Options

| Option              | Description                                                                             |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `cloud.api.protocol`  | The type of protocol to use when calling the Airflow API in a local Airflow environment |
| `cloud.api.port`      | The port to use when calling the Airflow API in a local environment                     |
| `context`           | The context for your Astro project                                                      |
| `local.registry`     | The location of your local Docker container running Airflow                             |

> | `postgres.user`      | Your username for the Postgres metadata DB                                              |
> | `postgres.password`  | Your password for the Postgres metadata DB                                              |
> | `postgres.host`      | The host for the Postgres metadata DB                                                   |
> | `postgres.port`      | The port for the Postgres metadata DB                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `postgres.user`      | Your username for the local Airflow metadata database                                           |
| `postgres.password`  | Your password for the local Airflow metadata database                                              |
| `postgres.host`      | The host for the local Airflow metadata database                                                   |
| `postgres.port`      | The port for the local Airflow metadata database                                                    |
```

Don't feel too strongly here, but we should be consistent w this and add to style guide

| `project.name`       | The name of your Astro project                                                       |
| `webserver.port`     | The port for the Webserver in your local Airflow environment                           |
| `show_warnings`      | Determines whether warning messages appear when starting up a local Airflow environment |

:::info

Some possible configurations are not documented here because they are used only on Astronomer Software.

:::

## Examples

```sh
## View the username for your project's postgres user

> $ astro config get PostgresUser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ astro config get postgres.user
```

---
sidebar_label: "astro config get"
title: "astro config get"
id: astro-config-get
description: Reference documentation for astro config get.
---

## Description

View the current configuration for a locally hosted Astro project.

## Usage

Within your Astro project directory, run:

```sh
astro config get <option>
```

## Options

| Option              | Description | Possible Values |
| ------------------- | ----------- | --------------- |

> | `CloudAPIProtocol`  | TBD         | TBD             |

Author: @sunkickr Can you help me define what these settings do? No need to go into too much detail, just enough to get a sense of when you might update it.

Reviewer 2: We dont use CloudWSProtocol or CloudAPIToken on cloud. software cli uses those
